Add support for cross-validation. (#559)
EducationalTestingService/rsmtool: doc/tutorial_rsmxval.rst

Workflow
~~~~~~~~

``rsmxval`` is designed to run cross-validation experiments using a single file containing human scores and features. Just like ``rsmtool``, ``rsmxval`` does not provide any functionality for feature extraction and assumes that users will extract features on their own. The workflow steps are as follows:

1. Create a data file in one of the :ref:`supported formats <input_file_format>` containing the extracted features for each response in the data along with human score(s) assigned to it.
2. Create an :ref:`experiment configuration file <config_file_rsmxval>` describing the cross-validation experiment you would like to run.
3. Run that configuration file with :ref:`rsmxval <usage_rsmxval>` and generate its :ref:`outputs <output_dirs_rsmxval>`.
4. Examine the various HTML reports to check various aspects of model performance.

Note that unlike ``rsmtool`` and ``rsmeval``, ``rsmxval`` currently does not support customization of the HTML reports generated in each step. This functionality may be added in future versions.

ASAP Example
~~~~~~~~~~~~

> We are going to use the same example from 2012 Kaggle competition on automated essay scoring that we used for the :ref:`rsmtool tutorial <tutorial>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are going to use the same example from the 2012 Kaggle competition on automated essay scoring that we used for the :ref:`rsmtool tutorial <tutorial>`.
```

- **Line 11**: This field indicates that scores from a second set of human graders are also available (useful for comparing the agreement between human-machine scores to the agreement between two sets of humans) and are located in the ``score2`` column in the training ``.csv`` file.
- **Line 12**: Next, we indicate that we would like to use the :ref:`scaled scores <score_postprocessing>` for all our evaluation analyses at each step.

Documentation for all of the available configuration options is available :ref:`here <config_file_rsmxval>`.

.. note:: You can also use our nifty capability to :ref:`automatically generate <autogen_configuration>` ``rsmxval`` configuration files rather than creating them manually.

Run the experiment
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
Now that we have our input file and our configuration file, we can use the :ref:`rsmxval <usage_rsmxval>` command-line script to run our evaluation experiment.

.. code-block:: bash

    $ cd examples/rsmxval
    $ rsmxval config_rsmxval.json output

> This should produce output like::

Reviewer: I know @desilinguist filed an issue to deal with the `pandas` `FutureWarning`s, but I see a lot of them when I run this example. I see this output too, but it is drowned out by all the other stuff. Should this be happening?

Author: You see it when you just run this command?! Weird, I don’t see this at all when I run it. I am using Python 3.9 in my environment.

Reviewer: Yeah, it's strange. I have Python 3.9 too:
```
❯ mamba list "\bpython\b"
# packages in environment at /Users/mmulholland/Documents/rsmtool_dev/rsmdev:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
python                    3.9.10          h1dd9edd_2_cpython    /
python-dateutil           2.8.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    /
```

And this in my `pandas`:
```
❯ mamba list pandas
# packages in environment at /Users/mmulholland/Documents/rsmtool_dev/rsmdev:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
pandas                    1.4.1            py39h4d6be9b_0    /
```

Author: Very weird. I see no warnings at all.

Reviewer: [log.txt](https://github.com/EducationalTestingService/rsmtool/files/8120117/log.txt)

Reviewer: Turned out my `pandas` and `numpy` were too new. Downgrading resulted in no warnings. This is basically expected.

    Output directory: output
    Saving configuration file.
    Generating 3 folds after shuffling
    Running RSMTool on each fold in parallel
    Progress: 100%|█████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████| 3/3 [00:08<00:00,  2.76s/it]
    Creating fold summary
    Evaluating combined fold predictions
    Training model on full data

> Once the run finishes, you will see an ``output`` sub-directory in the current directory. Under this directory you will see multiple other sub-directories, each corresponding to one of the cross-validation steps and described :ref:`here <output_dirs_rsmeval>`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the run finishes, you will see an ``output`` sub-directory in the current directory. Under this directory you will see multiple sub-directories, each corresponding to a different cross-validation step described :ref:`here <output_dirs_rsmeval>`. 
```

Examine the reports
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The cross-validation experiment produces multiple HTML reports - an ``rsmtool`` report for each of the 3 folds (``output/folds/{01,02,03}/report/ASAP2_xval_fold{01,02,03}.html``), the evaluation report for the cross-validated predictions (``output/evaluation/report/ASAP2_xval_evaluation_report.html``), a report summarizing the salient characteristics of the 3 folds (``output/fold-summary/report/ASAP2_xval_fold_summary_report.html``), a report showing the feature and model descriptives (``output/final-model/report/ASAP2_xval_model_report.html``). Examining these reports will provide a relatively complete picture of how well the predictive performance of the scoring model will generalize to unseen data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The cross-validation experiment produces multiple HTML reports - an ``rsmtool`` report for each of the 3 folds (``output/folds/{01,02,03}/report/ASAP2_xval_fold{01,02,03}.html``), the evaluation report for the cross-validated predictions (``output/evaluation/report/ASAP2_xval_evaluation_report.html``), a report summarizing the salient characteristics of the 3 folds (``output/fold-summary/report/ASAP2_xval_fold_summary_report.html``), and a report showing the feature and model descriptives (``output/final-model/report/ASAP2_xval_model_report.html``). Examining these reports will provide a relatively complete picture of how well the predictive performance of the scoring model will generalize to unseen data.
```
